In the name of Allah,
The Entirely Merciful, the Especially Merciful.
I refer my message and do not deviate from this name to virtue Grand Sheikh (Sheikh -Al Azhar)
I cry, grieve and feel the way muslims are, and the consequences of this pain can only be directed in my place
and sorry, Imam, Sheikh al-Azhar ...
I talk to you, and you know how good this great people are
and the big percentage of ignorance in these things and the canons of religion (strictures)
It is known to you that there are several signs of
( magic and a demonic possession)
and in our beloved Egypt, there are those who are infected with this casualty
and there's a statistic has shown that
The Egyptian people spend 10 billion a year on these matters
and they don't find a safe haven for salvation
So they don't get in something illegal
Sidi Sheikh al-Azhar ...
Why are there no specialized centers supervised by Al-Azhar?
and you evaluate who's in it so that people don't fall prey
to every charlatan, fortune teller or prosecutor?
and that's legit in your neck
So that our women are not exposed or fielded for experiments
or fall into legitimate sin
and be safe under the jurisdiction of Al-Azhar
There are places and centers that are not competent, not under the jurisdiction of Al-Azhar
or It has an assessment
and there are no miracles in this science,
but they are cargo for the purpose of earning revenue only
and secular gains without regard to humanity
So, who evaluates these people if they are reformed or not?
Except a specialized committee from Al-Azhar
Let's make it vulnerable to everyone who's been exposed to it ( for all and sundry )
The second thing is, does this science legally criminalize in our Egypt?
and why is it criminalized? and It is mentioned in the Qur'an
There are several universities in the world where these sciences are taught,
for example, the University of London
has research laboratories called
The Society for Psychical Research (SPR)
and publishes a weekly newspaper showing the latest research in this field
In France, the International Institute beyond the soul
The German philosopher Max Deswar,
a renowned psychologist, spokes called…
Parapsychology
and there's an American college of spiritual science and research,
and that's called it.
If all of these countries, universities, institutes, and research laboratories
in all countries of the world
are always looking for what's new in this field which is a very important field
So why don't we take the initiative under the leadership of the Imam of pride
and the Chief of Imams and establish specialized centers
so that our women and daughters will not be harmed
and are vulnerable to every
(exploited , troll and crook"con-man")
Give me your back, please
Put your hand next to you, please.
Pray to Our Lord Muhammad
Did God make me a reason for this girl before I knew what her story was?
And before I ask, what's wrong with her?
Is God authorized to help her?
He made me a reason?
Answer me with a sign on her arms.
Raise her arms.
I felt like someone was pushing me out of here.
And when I tried to get my hand down.
I felt like someone was pulling my hand up with a rope and raising my arm.
The two experiments you've done with people you don't know
or the scouts you've been through with people you don't know.
And they're from (AL-Hayah channel)'s team.
- Swear to God, what happened is without any interference from you.
- I swear to God without any interference from me.
I want to ask you clear questions.
Who are you talking to, you harness them, and they do all this?
The truth is that it is a fabulous metaphysical thing for me
I have the right to understand, and the viewer has the right to understand what this is.
I'm a very simple man, but God gave me.
You've taken control of her entire body
and i've got the whole movement, and in a very strange way
and here's the question of how that happens.
- God's Mercy
He gave me this grace
Do you use Jin (Ghosts), for example?
- Do you use Jin (Ghosts), for example?
- Jin is dog
any Jin is dog, I'm not saying about them, but he's a dog.
- So who did this?
- Mercy, mercy.
- Did you called someone from the other side ?
- In front of your eyes, I only took a stick of incense and prayed to the Prophet.
- and I forgave God and fed God from demons.
- But you said we didn't hear.
- Who did they tell you?
- I have the same number as the girl.
Now I'm sitting with you.
- I see them and hear them.
- Who are they?
- The mercy that God has descended upon me.
- Are they angels?
I'm not going to say they're angels, and I'm not going to name them, because in a period of about seven, eight, 10 years.
When I said it is a light, mercy and angels, they accused me of being a man.
Who are you to come to you....?
Why don't the state institutions cooperate?
so that everything that is not the competent centers is the one that is punished by law
and does not sing every institution in its squadron
Al-Azhar forbids alcohol
and tourism is promoted and the police arrest those who drink it
and this is a legitimate right and shops are selling this product
and that's a contradiction that all institutions have to meet at the same pace in this matter.
Islam gives women their rights
because women
(mother, sister, wife and daughter)
and they're all crowned on the heads.
It is their right to preserve this crown
from theft, pollution, touch and Demonic possession
Sir, Imam, I ask God that I have reached the message…
and I am a researcher in this field
and I have seen a lot and more in it.
and I have nothing to do but send the message and do the honesty,
which is now in your neck.
Pain for our families from a bitter reality
Every religion has its own specialized centers,
except Al-Azhar or Islam in general
It's not racism, but it's a religious jealousy
to our Islam, our women and our children, and that's my cry to you.
I know there are a lot of challenges,
but it's very important that we stand up to it.
I apologize with hinging my head to God,
and if there is any dreadful or miss-talk from me,
so you are the chef of imams and our respectable scholar…
may Allah blessed you
may Allah saved you